projectroadmap.md, before:


# Project Roadmap

##  Tasks and Notes
- [x] Add to project spreadsheet
- [x] Setup Git-hub repo
- [x] Add an example code to project and test it. Record finding.
  > Notes: Was able to get app running with code from inventory-managment-system folder. I followed the README provided except in the last command used pyton -m flask run
- [ ] Define needed componants
  > Notes: Database for Inventory, HTML pages for flask site, py code for the app
- [x] Create workflow
  > Notes: [Flow](meal_pallner_flow.vsdx) added to documentation. @ahamil53 check for needed changes. Thanks!
- [ ] Create database for Inventory
  > Notes: Inventory Management Sys repo has a pre built sqlite db in the Inventory folder. We could modify for use. 
- [ ] Create app python code
  > Notes: Inventory Mgt System repo has a python file called app.py that we could modify.
  > Notes: Check code from D2L grade tracker for log-in info. 
- [ ] Create HTML and CSS templates for fask pages
  - - [ ] Log-in
  - - [ ] Home Screen
  - - [ ] Add Recipe 
  - - [ ] Manage User Inventory
  - - [ ] Manage Budget??
  - - [ ] Select Meal plans for the week
  - - [ ] Generate Grocery list
 
**Sprint 3**
- [ ] Create one PowerPoint slide introducing your project and upload it.

**Due Final Presentation between last day of class and DEC 14th**
- [ ] Practice presentation 
- [ ] Schedule presentaiton time on teams and record meeting

# Issues

Commit message:

Updated Progress on sqlite file
Issue with setting up new table and relations. Troubleshooting in the teams group

projectroadmap.md, after:


# Project Roadmap

##  Tasks and Notes
- [x] Add to project spreadsheet
- [x] Setup Git-hub repo
- [x] Add an example code to project and test it. Record finding.
  > Notes: Was able to get app running with code from inventory-managment-system folder. I followed the README provided except in the last command used pyton -m flask run
- [ ] Define needed componants
  > Notes: Database for Inventory, HTML pages for flask site, py code for the app
- [x] Create workflow
  > Notes: [Flow](meal_pallner_flow.vsdx) added to documentation. @ahamil53 check for needed changes. Thanks!
- [ ] Create database for Inventory- IN PROGRESS (Kristy) 
  > Notes: Inventory Management Sys repo has a pre built sqlite db in the Inventory folder. We could modify for use. 
  >ISSUE: I'm haveng trouble addeding the new tables and seting the relations to the current tables
- [ ] Create app python code
  > Notes: Inventory Mgt System repo has a python file called app.py that we could modify.
  > Notes: Check code from D2L grade tracker for log-in info. 
- [ ] Create HTML and CSS templates for fask pages
  - - [ ] Log-in
  - - [ ] Home Screen
  - - [ ] Add Recipe 
  - - [ ] Manage User Inventory
  - - [ ] Manage Budget??
  - - [ ] Select Meal plans for the week
  - - [ ] Generate Grocery list
 
**Sprint 3**
- [ ] Create one PowerPoint slide introducing your project and upload it.

**Due Final Presentation between last day of class and DEC 14th**
- [ ] Practice presentation 
- [ ] Schedule presentaiton time on teams and record meeting

# Issues
